---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netbox_site Resource - terraform-provider-netbox"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# netbox_site (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The site's unique name.
- `slug` (String) Unique URL-friendly shorthand for the site.

### Optional

- `comments` (String) Free-form comments.
- `description` (String) Long-form name.
- `facility` (String) Data center or facility designation for identifying the site.
- `group_id` (Number) The group to which the site belongs, if any.
- `latitude` (Number) GPS coordinates of the site for geolocation.
- `longitude` (Number) GPS coordinates of the site for geolocation.
- `physical_address` (String) Physical address of the site.
- `region_id` (Number) The parent region to which the site belongs, if any.
- `shipping_address` (String) Physical address of the site.
- `status` (String) Operational status of the site.
- `tenant_id` (Number) The tenant to which the site belongs, if any.
- `timezone` (String) IANA timezone for the site, if any.

### Read-Only

- `asn_ids` (Set of Number) Unique identifiers for the ASNs assigned to this site.
- `circuit_count` (Number) Number of circuits terminated at this site.
- `created` (String) Timestamp when the site was created.
- `device_count` (Number) Number of devices at this site.
- `display` (String) Site name as displayed in the UI.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the site.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp when the site was last updated.
- `prefix_count` (Number) Number of prefixes assigned to this site.
- `rack_count` (Number) Number of racks at this site.
- `tag_ids` (Set of Number) The tags assigned to this site.
- `virtual_machine_count` (Number) Number of virtual machines at this site.
- `vlan_count` (Number) Number of VLANs assigned to this site.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Site can be imported by id
terraform import netbox_site.this 123
```
